What is partnership firm?The partnership is the relation between persons who have agreed to share the profits of a business carried on by all or any of them acting for all. It is one of the quickest ways to form a legal entity where a group of 2 or more can do a business.
How much stamp duty attract on my partnership firm deed?The amount of stamp duty is determined by two factors 1) capital contribution by partners 2) the state in which you are planning to form your partnership firm.
What is the legal proof of partnership firm?A signed and notarized Partnership deed drafted on appropriate value of non-judicial stamp paper is the conclusive evidence of the partnership firm.
Can i name my partnership firm whatever i want?Yes, you can name whatever you want however that business name is not secured under laws from being copied.  We advise you to incorporate LLP if you want to protect your business name.
Is the liability of the partners limited in partnership firm?No, In order to discharge the liabilities of the partnership firm all partners are jointly and severally liable to repay all the business liabilities.
Do i need to register my partnership firm with the state authority?It is optional to register your partnership firm with state authority. However unregistered partnership firm can do business same as a registered partnership can do. If you really want to register your business under government records it is better to form an LLP to save time & cost and restrict your liability.
Do you provide this service in my town?Yes trozorro is an online platform serving all over India no matters wherever you are doing business all you need is internet connection on your mobile or desktop and we are ready to get your job done
Do i need to physically present for the process?No, You don’t need to be physically present for the process, Trozorro is an online catering platform all you need is internet connection  in your phone/computer and the required documents with you and we can get the job done no matters even if you are present at remotest location of the India